[DOCS] Improved Sorting syntax update ft.search.md and ft.aggregate.md (#3763)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.aggregate.md

    [LOAD count field [field ...]] 
    [TIMEOUT timeout] 
    [ GROUPBY nargs property [property ...] [ REDUCE function nargs arg [arg ...] [AS name] [ REDUCE function nargs arg [arg ...] [AS name] ...]] ...]] 

>     [ SORTBY nargs [ property ASC | DESC [ property ASC | DESC ...]] [MAX num] [WITHCOUNT] 

Reviewer: @adrianoamaral `WITHCOUNT` and `WITHOUTCOUNT` can also be used without sorting
The location of these arguments should be related to the command itself.
Related #3651

Author: In this case, we won't mentioning WITHTOUTCOUNT

 - `nargs` is the number of sorting parameters, including `ASC` and `DESC`, for example, `SORTBY 4 @foo ASC @bar DESC`.
 - `MAX` is used to optimized sorting, by sorting only for the n-largest elements. Although it is not connected to `LIMIT`, you usually need just `SORTBY … MAX` for common queries.

> Attributes needed for `SORTBY` should be stored as `SORTABLE` to be available with very low latency.
> 
> **Sorting Optimisations**: performance is optimised for sorting operations on `DIALECT 4` in different scenarios:
>    - Skip Sorter - applied when there is no sort of any kind. The query can return once it reaches the `LIMIT` requested results.
>    - Partial Range - applied when there is a `SORTBY` a numeric field, with no filter or filter by the same numeric field, the query iterate on a range large enough to satisfy the `LIMIT` requested results.
>    - Hybrid - applied when there is a `SORTBY` a numeric field in addition to another non-numeric filter. Some results will get filtered, and the initial range may not be large enough. The iterator then is rewinded with the following ranges, and an additional iteration takes place to collect `LIMIT` requested results.
>    - No optimization - If there is a sort by score or by non-numeric field, there is no other option but to retrieve all results and compare their values.
> 
> **Counts behaviour**: optional`WITHCOUNT`argument return accurate counts for the query results with sorting. This operation processes all results in order to get accurate count, being less performant than the optimised option (default behaviour on `DIALECT 4`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attributes needed for `SORTBY` should be stored as `SORTABLE` to be available with very low latency.

**Sorting Optimizations**: performance is optimized for sorting operations on `DIALECT 4` in different scenarios:
   - Skip Sorter - applied when there is no sort of any kind. The query can return once it reaches the `LIMIT` requested results.
   - Partial Range - applied when there is a `SORTBY` clause over a numeric field, with no filter or filter by the same numeric field, the query iterate on a range large enough to satisfy the `LIMIT` requested results.
   - Hybrid - applied when there is a `SORTBY` clause over a numeric field and another non-numeric filter. Some results will get filtered, and the initial range may not be large enough. The iterator is then rewinding with the following ranges, and an additional iteration takes place to collect the `LIMIT` requested results.
   - No optimization - If there is a sort by score or by non-numeric field, there is no other option but to retrieve all results and compare their values.

**Counts behavior**: optional `WITHCOUNT` argument returns accurate counts for the query results with sorting. This operation processes all results in order to get an accurate count, being less performant than the optimized option (default behavior on `DIALECT 4`)

```

Attributes needed for `SORTBY` should be stored as `SORTABLE` to be available with very low latency.

**Sorting Optimizations**: performance is optimized for sorting operations on `DIALECT 4` in different scenarios:
   - Skip Sorter - applied when there is no sort of any kind. The query can return once it reaches the `LIMIT` requested results.
   - Partial Range - applied when there is a `SORTBY` clause over a numeric field, with no filter or filter by the same numeric field, the query iterate on a range large enough to satisfy the `LIMIT` requested results.
   - Hybrid - applied when there is a `SORTBY` clause over a numeric field and another non-numeric filter. Some results will get filtered, and the initial range may not be large enough. The iterator is then rewinding with the following ranges, and an additional iteration takes place to collect the `LIMIT` requested results.
   - No optimization - If there is a sort by score or by non-numeric field, there is no other option but to retrieve all results and compare their values.

> **Counts behavior**: optional `WITHCOUNT` argument returns accurate counts for the query results with sorting. This operation processes all results in order to get an accurate count, being less performant than the optimized option (default behavior on `DIALECT 4`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Counts behavior**: optional `WITHCOUNT` argument returns accurate counts for the query results with sorting. This operation processes all results in order to get an accurate count, being less performant than the `WITHOUTCOUNT` option (default behavior on `DIALECT 4`)

```
